All right, so let's implement this pipe character into your lowercase renaming script.
So let's just echo out the file name
and then do the pipe into this 'tr' command, "translate".
And we want all the capital letters, A to Z.
We want to translate those into lowercase.
And then escape, ":wq".  So let's run that and see if that works.
Yep, perfect.
So if you do
'ls'
It just renamed all those to--well it wouldn't rename them;
We just echoed it.
So now that we can do that, it's pretty trivial to change that.
We're just going to make this a new variable:  'newname='
and then we'll put it in '$()'
to save that command output, STDOUT', into the variable and 'mv' the existing file name, '$f', to make '$newname'
Escape, ":wq"
So let's clear the screen and see if we can do this--'ls -l IMG*'.
So there's all our capital file names there.
Run the lowercase script. Do it again.
Yep, and that's good, and there they're all lowercase.  So you just use the pipe character.
Let's look at the script again.
So here's what you did: you created a new variable named 'newname' because we wanted wanted to have
something to rename our files to.
So we 'echo'd the current file name, which was all caps.
And then we piped it to this 'tr' command and we said "search for all the A to Z capital letters
and replace those with lowercase letters."
And then since that new file name was saved in the variables, we could just rename it.
We said mv--or rename--the existing file to the lowercase one.